# React Component Skeleton

Base structure for a React Component looking to be published to npm. You may use it however you want though.

## What's in it

  - A nice development workflow.
  - ES6/ES7 ready.
  - SCSS set up that produces a minified and unmminified CSS version of your code with vendor prefixes for people consuming your package.
  - Linting with ESLint configured with Airbnb Linting rules.
  - A task for easy publishing.
  - A little example on how to work with the current file structure.

## Requirements

You'll need to have Node.js and npm installed on your development environment. Preferably a version above 4.0.0.

## Initializing

Just clone the project, run ```npm install``` and you are set to go.

## List of npm tasks

These are my most used tasks. There are other tasks that are used by the ones listed here, you can check the full list on the **package.json**. Also most of them just call independent bash files that live on the **/bin** folder located at the root of the project.

Task          | Description
------------- |---------------
build         | This task will compile and minify our source SCSS and JS from de **/dev** folder and output it into a **/public/dist** folder. It will also generate a **vendor.js** file that has React and React DOM.
watch         | This task will watch for file changes to the SCSS and JS from the **/dev** or **/src** folders and output the compiled version to the **/public/dist** folder.
prep-lib      | This will generate the **/lib** folder that has the compiled version of everything inside the **/src** folder. It leaves the JS file structure intact, it just transpiles the JSX and ES6 to ES5.
start-dev     | This is the main task for development. It runs the watch task in parallel with a browser sync task that will first fire up a server using the cwd as the web root and from there it will inject SCSS changes into your browser and also reload it on JS changes.
lint-js       | This task will run the linting rules against your code.
publish       | Simple task for publishing to npm.


## Folder Structure

- **/src**

  This folder is where most of the action happens. It will hold all of your source code, all the functionality and styles you intend to deliver as an encapsulated React Component.

  In the **js** folder (Well, in the whole project to be honest) you will find an already defined structure that works for me and some examples on how to do things. Just remove the examples or adapt them to your needs. Also you can change the structure as you please, just change the npm tasks accordingly.

  In the **scss** folder you can add the some basic styles for your Component. Try to not add styles that may be too restrictive or set the component to look certain way. Just write what's necessary to make it work.

- **/dev**

  In here you will import the component or components that live in the **/src** folder and use them as you would expect them to be used by people consuming your package from npm. You can build anything to test that everything is working alright.
  
  You will also import the styles from the **/src** folder and build something awesome on top of it. These styles will be your own so you can go as far as you want.
  
  Everything inside this folder won't be published to npm since it just provides example usage. It will still be commited to your repository.
  
- **/public/dist**

  This folder gets automatically generated after running the corresponding npm task and has the compiled version of everything that's inside the **/dev** folder. Since the **/dev** folder is already importing everything from **/src**, that will be in here too.
  
  Our **index.html** links to the files inside this folder.

- **/lib**

  This folder also gets automatically generated by running an npm task. This is the folder where the main file declared in our **package.json** lives. That means when people import your component, they will be importing it from here.
  
  This folder has the same structure as the **/src** folder, but it has the transpiled version of everything so that people have no problem consuming it.
